---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "pgedge_database Resource - terraform-provider-pgedge"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Manages a pgEdge database.
---

# pgedge_database (Resource)

Manages a pgEdge database.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `cluster_id` (String) The ID of the cluster this database belongs to.
- `name` (String) The name of the database.
- `nodes` (Attributes Map) Map of nodes in the database. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--nodes))

### Optional

- `backups` (Attributes) Backup configuration for the database. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--backups))
- `config_version` (String) The configuration version of the database.
- `extensions` (Attributes) Extensions configuration for the database. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--extensions))
- `options` (List of String) A list of options for the database.
- `roles` (Attributes List) List of roles in the database. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--roles))

### Read-Only

- `components` (Attributes List) List of components in the database. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--components))
- `created_at` (String) The timestamp when the database was created.
- `domain` (String) The domain associated with the database.
- `id` (String) Unique identifier for the database.
- `pg_version` (String) The PostgreSQL version of the database.
- `status` (String) The current status of the database.

<a id="nestedatt--nodes"></a>
### Nested Schema for `nodes`

Required:

- `name` (String)

Read-Only:

- `connection` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--nodes--connection))
- `extensions` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--nodes--extensions))
- `location` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--nodes--location))
- `region` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--nodes--region))

<a id="nestedatt--nodes--connection"></a>
### Nested Schema for `nodes.connection`

Read-Only:

- `database` (String)
- `external_ip_address` (String)
- `host` (String)
- `internal_host` (String)
- `internal_ip_address` (String)
- `password` (String)
- `port` (Number)
- `username` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--nodes--extensions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `nodes.extensions`

Read-Only:

- `errors` (Map of String)
- `installed` (List of String)


<a id="nestedatt--nodes--location"></a>
### Nested Schema for `nodes.location`

Read-Only:

- `city` (String)
- `code` (String)
- `country` (String)
- `latitude` (Number)
- `longitude` (Number)
- `metro_code` (String)
- `name` (String)
- `postal_code` (String)
- `region` (String)
- `region_code` (String)
- `timezone` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--nodes--region"></a>
### Nested Schema for `nodes.region`

Read-Only:

- `active` (Boolean)
- `availability_zones` (List of String)
- `cloud` (String)
- `code` (String)
- `name` (String)
- `parent` (String)



<a id="nestedatt--backups"></a>
### Nested Schema for `backups`

Optional:

- `config` (Attributes List) List of backup configurations. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--backups--config))
- `provider` (String) The backup provider.

<a id="nestedatt--backups--config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `backups.config`

Optional:

- `id` (String) Unique identifier for the backup config.
- `node_name` (String) Name of the node.
- `repositories` (Attributes List) List of backup repositories. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--backups--config--repositories))
- `schedules` (Attributes List) List of backup schedules. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--backups--config--schedules))

<a id="nestedatt--backups--config--repositories"></a>
### Nested Schema for `backups.config.repositories`

Optional:

- `azure_account` (String) Azure account for azure-type repositories.
- `azure_container` (String) Azure container for azure-type repositories.
- `azure_endpoint` (String) Azure endpoint for azure-type repositories.
- `backup_store_id` (String) ID of the backup store to use. If specified, other fields will be automatically populated.
- `base_path` (String) Base path for the repository.
- `gcs_bucket` (String) GCS bucket name for gcs-type repositories.
- `gcs_endpoint` (String) GCS endpoint for gcs-type repositories.
- `id` (String) Repository identifier.
- `retention_full` (Number) Retention period for full backups.
- `retention_full_type` (String) Type of retention for full backups.
- `s3_bucket` (String) S3 bucket name for s3-type repositories.
- `s3_endpoint` (String) S3 endpoint for s3-type repositories.
- `s3_region` (String) S3 region for s3-type repositories.
- `type` (String) Repository type (e.g., s3, gcs, azure).


<a id="nestedatt--backups--config--schedules"></a>
### Nested Schema for `backups.config.schedules`

Required:

- `cron_expression` (String) Cron expression for the schedule.
- `id` (String) Unique identifier for the schedule.
- `type` (String) Type of the schedule.




<a id="nestedatt--extensions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `extensions`

Optional:

- `auto_manage` (Boolean)
- `requested` (List of String)

Read-Only:

- `available` (List of String)


<a id="nestedatt--roles"></a>
### Nested Schema for `roles`

Read-Only:

- `bypass_rls` (Boolean)
- `connection_limit` (Number)
- `create_db` (Boolean)
- `create_role` (Boolean)
- `inherit` (Boolean)
- `login` (Boolean)
- `name` (String)
- `replication` (Boolean)
- `superuser` (Boolean)


<a id="nestedatt--components"></a>
### Nested Schema for `components`

Read-Only:

- `id` (String)
- `name` (String)
- `release_date` (String)
- `status` (String)
- `version` (String)
